central-setup/README.md, before:

# Central setup

"Central" is a Wild-cloud concept for a network appliance use for cloud utilities.

Right now, this is entirely `dnsmasq` to provide:

- LAN DNS w/ forwarding of internal and external cloud domains to the cluster.
- PXE for setting up cluster nodes.

## Setup

The setup is going through architecture design right now.

- Initially, the process used to bootstrap a node was:
  - Run `bin/install-dnsmasq` in your personal wildcloud dir to create a set of install files in `cluster/dnsmasq`.
  - Copy this dir to a configured debian machine to have the services set up correctly as your Central.

## Future setup

To provide a better user experience, we have been creating a debian apt package that also does this while providing a UI.

Development repo: https://github.com/civil-society-dev/wild-central

The setup will look something like this:

```bash
# Download and install GPG key
curl -fsSL https://mywildcloud.org/apt/wild-cloud-central.gpg | sudo tee /usr/share/keyrings/wild-cloud-central-archive-keyring.gpg > /dev/null

# Add repository (modern .sources format)
sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/wild-cloud-central.sources << 'EOF'
Types: deb
URIs: https://mywildcloud.org/apt
Suites: stable
Components: main
Signed-By: /usr/share/keyrings/wild-cloud-central-archive-keyring.gpg
EOF

# Update and install
sudo apt update
sudo apt install wild-cloud-central
```

browse to `http://localhost:5050`!

Commit message:

Enhance dnsmasq setup with new scripts and documentation
- Add custom dictionary words for spell checking.
- Refactor wild-central-generate-setup script for improved error handling and structure.
- Create README.md for central dnsmasq setup with detailed instructions.
- Implement create-setup-bundle.sh and setup.sh scripts for setting up dnsmasq and PXE booting.
- Add transfer-setup-bundle.sh for transferring setup files to the server.
- Update SETUP.md with clearer instructions for initial setup and configuration.
- Introduce .gitignore for dnsmasq setup bundle.

central-setup/README.md, after:

# Central setup

**Central** is a separate machine on your network that provides core wild-cloud services.

Right now, this is entirely `dnsmasq` to provide:

- LAN DNS w/ forwarding of internal and external cloud domains to the cluster.
- PXE for setting up cluster nodes.

Read the [dnsmasq README.md](./dnsmasq/README.md) for how we set things up right now.

## _Future_ setup

We _may_ follow a Central network appliance in the future, where one could install an apt package and use Central like a LAN router.

Development repo: https://github.com/civil-society-dev/wild-central

The setup will look something like this:

```bash
# Download and install GPG key
curl -fsSL https://mywildcloud.org/apt/wild-cloud-central.gpg | sudo tee /usr/share/keyrings/wild-cloud-central-archive-keyring.gpg > /dev/null

# Add repository (modern .sources format)
sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/wild-cloud-central.sources << 'EOF'
Types: deb
URIs: https://mywildcloud.org/apt
Suites: stable
Components: main
Signed-By: /usr/share/keyrings/wild-cloud-central-archive-keyring.gpg
EOF

# Update and install
sudo apt update
sudo apt install wild-cloud-central
```

browse to `http://localhost:5050`!
